Add omitting options argument section (#22707)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/error/error/index.md

>       - : A property indicating the specific cause of the error.
>         When catching and re-throwing an error with a more-specific or useful error message, this property can be used to pass the original error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - : A value indicating the specific cause of the error, reflected in the {{jsxref("Error/cause", "cause")}} property. When catching and re-throwing an error with a more-specific or useful error message, this property can be used to pass the original error.
```

- `fileName` {{optional_inline}} {{non-standard_inline}}

>   - : The path to the file that raised this error.
>     Defaults to the name of the file containing the code that called the `Error()` constructor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : The path to the file that raised this error, reflected in the {{jsxref("Error/fileName", "fileName")}} property. Defaults to the name of the file containing the code that called the `Error()` constructor.
```

- `lineNumber` {{optional_inline}} {{non-standard_inline}}

>   - : The line number in which error was raised inside the file.
>     Defaults to the line number containing the `Error()` constructor invocation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : The line number within the file on which the error was raised, reflected in the {{jsxref("Error/lineNumber", "lineNumber")}} property. Defaults to the line number containing the `Error()` constructor invocation.
```

For a more detailed example see [Error > Differentiate between similar errors](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Error#differentiate_between_similar_errors).

> ### Omit options argument
> 
> If you omitted passing options object or passed it as a primitive value or passed it as an object but has no cause property, javascript will not create a cause property inside the created object,
> so if you tried to read the cause property, it will result `undefined` because the created error doesn't have a property with this name.
> 
> ```js
> //passing an object that doesn't contain a cause property
> let Err = new Error("New error message", {details:"http error"});
> console.log(Err.cause) //undefined 
> 
> //passing primitive value 
> Err = new Error("New error message", "");
> console.log(Err.cause) //undefined 
> 
> //omitting it 
> Err =new Error("New error message");
> console.log(Err.cause) //undefined 
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ````suggestion
### Omitting options argument

The `Error()` constructor only tries to read `options.cause` if `options` is an object — this avoids ambiguity with the other non-standard `Error(message, fileName, lineNumber)` signature, which requires the second parameter to be a string. If you omit `options`, pass a primitive value as `options`, or pass an object without the `cause` property, then the created `Error` object will have no `cause` property.

```js
// Omitting options 
const error1 = new Error("Error message");
console.log("cause" in error1); // false

// Passing a primitive value 
const error2 = new Error("Error message", "");
console.log("cause" in error2); // false

// Passing an object without a cause property
const error3 = new Error("Error message", { details: "http error" });
console.log("cause" in error3); // false
```

````
